24-hour check-in
accessible-height bed
accessible-height toilet
air conditioning
air purifier
alfresco bathtub
amazon echo
apple tv
arcade games
baby bath
baby monitor
baby safety gates
babysitter recommendations
baking sheet
balcony
barbecue utensils
bath
bath towel
bathroom essentials
bathtub
bathtub with bath chair
batting cage
bbq grill
beach access
beach essentials
beach view
beachfront
bed linen
bed linens
bedroom comforts
bidet
bikes
blender
board games
boat berth
body soap
books and reading material
bowling alley
bread maker
breakfast
breakfast bar
breakfast table
building staff
buzzer/wireless intercom
cable tv
carbon monoxide alarm
carbon monoxide detector
cat
ceiling fan
ceiling hoist
central air conditioning
changing table
chef's kitchen
children’s bikes
children’s books and toys
children’s dinnerware
children’s playroom
children’s tableware
cinema
cleaning available during stay
cleaning before checkout
cleaning products
climbing wall
clothes drying rack
clothes storage
coffee
coffee maker
conditioner
convection oven
cooking basics
cot
crib
day bed
dedicated workspace
dining area
dining table
disabled parking spot
dishes and silverware
dishwasher
dog
doorman
double oven
dryer
dvd player
electric profiling bed
elevator
en suite bathroom
espresso machine
essentials
ethernet connection
ev charger
exercise equipment
extra pillows and blankets
family/kid friendly
fax machine
fire extinguisher
fire pit
fireplace guards
firm mattress
first aid kit
fixed grab bars for shower
fixed grab bars for toilet
flat path to front door
formal dining area
free on-street parking
free parking on premises
free street parking
freezer
full kitchen
game console
games console
garden
garden or backyard
gas oven
ground floor access
gym
hair dryer
hammock
handheld shower head
hangers
hbo go
heat lamps
heated floors
heated towel rack
heating
high chair
high-resolution computer monitor
hockey rink
host greets you
hot tub
hot water
hot water kettle
indoor fireplace
internet
iron
ironing board
jetted tub
kayak
kettle
keypad
kitchen
kitchenette
lake access
laptop friendly workspace
laser tag
launderette nearby
life-size games
lift
lock on bedroom door
lockbox
long term stays allowed
long-term stays allowed
luggage drop-off allowed
luggage dropoff allowed
memory foam mattress
microwave
mini fridge
mini golf
mobile hoist
mosquito net
mountain view
mudroom
murphy bed
netflix
office
other
other pet(s)
outdoor dining area
outdoor furniture
outdoor kitchen
outdoor parking
outdoor playground
outdoor seating
outdoor shower
outlet covers
oven
pack ’n play/travel crib
paid parking off premises
paid parking on premises
patio or balcony
pets allowed
pets live on this property
piano
pillow-top mattress
ping pong table
plug socket covers
pocket wifi
pool
pool cover
pool table
pool with pool hoist
portable fans
printer
private bathroom
private entrance
private gym
private hot tub
private living room
private pool
projector and screen
propane barbeque
rain shower
record player
refrigerator
resort access
rice cooker
roll-in shower
room-darkening shades
safe
safety card
sauna
security system
self check-in
shampoo
shared gym
shared hot tub
shared pool
shower chair
shower gel
single level home
skate ramp
ski-in/ski-out
smart lock
smart tv
smoke alarm
smoke detector
smoking allowed
soaking tub
sound system
stair gates
stand alone steam shower
standing valet
steam oven
step-free access
stove
suitable for events
sun loungers
table corner guards
tennis court
terrace
theme room
toaster
toilet
toilet paper
touchless faucets
travel cot
tv
walk-in shower
warming drawer
washer
washer / dryer
washing machine
waste compactor
waterfront
well-lit path to entrance
wheelchair accessible
wide clearance to bed
wide clearance to shower
wide doorway
wide entryway
wide hallway clearance
wifi
window guards
wine cooler
wine glasses